docs(ai): make the AI double-check code style guide (#393)
pnpm/pacquet: AGENTS.md

## Follow the project guides

1. Follow the contributing guide in [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](./CONTRIBUTING.md). It covers commit message format, writing style, setup, and the automated checks to run before committing.

> 2. Follow the code style guide in [`CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md`](./CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md). It covers code-level conventions not enforced by tooling: imports, modules, naming, ownership and borrowing, parameter type selection, trait bounds, pattern matching, `pipe-trait`, error handling, test layout, logging during tests, and cloning of `Arc` and `Rc`. **ALWAYS** check the generated code against `CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md` before commit and push.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Follow the code style guide in [`CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md`](./CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md). It covers code-level conventions not enforced by tooling: imports, modules, naming, ownership and borrowing, parameter type selection, trait bounds, pattern matching, `pipe-trait`, error handling, test layout, logging during tests, and cloning of `Arc` and `Rc`. **ALWAYS** check the generated code against `CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md` before committing and pushing.
```

> 2. Follow the code style guide in [`CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md`](./CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md). It covers code-level conventions not enforced by tooling: imports, modules, naming, ownership and borrowing, parameter type selection, trait bounds, pattern matching, `pipe-trait`, error handling, test layout, logging during tests, and cloning of `Arc` and `Rc`. **ALWAYS** check the generated code against `CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md` before committing and pushing.

Reviewer: This is just duplication. Why not
```suggestion
2. **ALWAYS** follow the code style guide in [`CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md`](./CODE_STYLE_GUIDE.md). It covers code-level conventions not enforced by tooling: imports, modules, naming, ownership and borrowing, parameter type selection, trait bounds, pattern matching, `pipe-trait`, error handling, test layout, logging during tests, and cloning of `Arc` and `Rc`.
```
